Updated documentation for disabling menu items (#1512)
adobe/react-spectrum: packages/@react-spectrum/menu/docs/Menu.mdx

### Disabled

To disable Menu items, pass an array of keys into the `disabledKeys` prop.

> If an item has both `key` and `id` attributes, the `key` attribute should be used for disabling.

Reviewer: I think we can make this a bit more general. Each item has a single key, which may be derived from a number of places including the `key` prop on the `<Item>`, or the `key` or `id` property on the object. This is not specific to the disabled state: selection also uses the same derived keys. Perhaps we need to clarify this in the content section above? If we do that, we could probably remove this sentence here since you link to it below.

Author: @devongovett Does that mean you don't actually need to create an items object in order to use the disabled functionality? I was a little confused by that honestly. I had everything complete, then when it came to disabling items the docs appeared to make it clear that I had to change the entire structure from what the rest of the documentation told me to do, and use an object rather than an explicit <Item> component for each item. Maybe we could have the example here match the rest of the documentation if that's the case. Let me know if that didn't make sense :)

Reviewer 2: Sorry for the delay on this Celeste. The example is showing a dynamic use of items as explained here - https://react-spectrum.adobe.com/react-spectrum/Menu.html#dynamic-items
In the docs we show either the dynamic use case or the static use case just to mix them up. Maybe that was the wrong choice. I would be happy if you changed this example to use the static API (to match the other examples) and we can see how it goes from there.

See the [Content](#events) section for more detail on how an item's `key` may be determined.

```tsx example
<MenuTrigger>
  <ActionButton>
    Filter
  </ActionButton>
  <Menu
    items={[

>       {name: 'tiff', key: 'tiff', id: 'a1b2c3'},

Reviewer: I don't think we should encourage people to add both a key and an id to their objects. I'd rather keep the examples showing what you should do rather than what you shouldn't. Maybe keep the example the same as it was and add the description above clarifying?

Author: I would agree here. Part of what confused me was I thought I _had_ to use an id for disabling items, even though I was already using a `key`. I also added `id`s to each item object as a result. I think most people will have keys on their items so that they can attach actions to them. Personally, I think things would have been clearer if just `key` was used rather than id. Then maybe mention that you can use `id` in place of `key` if needed. Just one person's thoughts! You guys rock.

### Disabled

> To disable Menu items, pass an array of `key`s or `id`s into the `disabledKeys` prop.
> If an item has both `key` and `id` attributes, the `key` attribute should be used for disabling.

Reviewer 3: IMO I think it should be made clear that `disabledKey` expects an array of `key`'s. The bit about `id`'s is more about the array of `items` (rather than the `Item` in the render) where the `id` will be used as a substitute for the `key` if `key` is missing.

Perhaps something like this?
```suggestion
To disable Menu items, pass an array of keys into the `disabledKeys` prop.
If an item has both `key` and `id` attributes, the `key` attribute should be used for disabling.
See the [Content](#events) section for more detail on how an item's `key` may be determined.
```

Author: Sounds good!

```tsx example
<MenuTrigger>
  <ActionButton>
    Filter
  </ActionButton>
  <Menu
    items={[
      {name: 'tiff', key: 'tiff', id: 'a1b2c3'},
      {name: 'png', key: 'png', id: 'g5h1j9'},
      {name: 'jpg', key: 'jpg', id: 'p8k3i4'},
      {name: 'PDF', key: 'pdf', id: 'j7i3a0'}
    ]}
    disabledKeys={['tiff', 'jpg']}>
    {item => <Item>{item.name}</Item>}
  </Menu>
</MenuTrigger>
```

OR

> 

Reviewer 3: I think you can probably get rid of this OR. Maybe can get rid of the example below it as well?

Author: Yeah, I thought it might have been too much. Thanks for confirming! I'll remove it.
